Cleanup CMake, support non‑LLVM builds, default compiler autodetection (#7)
skeru/libVersioningCompiler: README.md

It also provides support for versioning of the compiled functions.

This software is distributed under the LGPLv3 license.
See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) and [LICENSE.LESSER.txt](LICENSE.LESSER.txt) for full license details.

An introductory video is available on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1p8IajxOgoY).

## Dependencies

To build and use libVersioningCompiler, the following are required:

- Operating System:
  - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS or newer
  - Arch Linux, Manjaro or Fedora
  - macOS (tested on Sonoma)

- Build Tools & Libraries:
  - A C++17-compliant compiler

>   - CMake ≥ 3.20

Reviewer: can we use the formula "<product> <version_ number> or newer" instead of the greater-or-equal sign, which is not an ASCII symbol (and therefore subject to encoding-related issues)?

  - zlib
  - libuuid

> - Optional: LLVM ≥ 15 (tested up to LLVM 20)

Reviewer: same as before, can we use a formula 
```suggestion
- Optional: LLVM 15.0 or newer (tested up to LLVM 20.0)
```

> Compiling without LLVM certain features (e.g., Clang-as-a-library) will be unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compiling this library without LLVM will make certain features unavailable (e.g., Clang-as-a-library).
```

### Arch Linux / Manjaro

Install the necessary packages:

```bash
sudo pacman -S cmake llvm zlib [clang]
```

Note: `libuuid` is usually included by default and doesn't require separate installation.

### MacOS

Install [homebrew](https://brew.sh) if not already installed, then:

```bash
brew install cmake ossp-uuid zlib [llvm]
```

Replace `[llvm]` with `llvm` if you wish to install it.

> 

Reviewer: I would recommend to use a more clear formula.
Perhaps remove the `[llvm]` and mention to add `llvm` if appropriate.
Is there a way in brew to control which llvm version to install?

## How to install libVersioningCompiler

If you want to install libVersioningCompiler, install the dependencies, then, assuming cloned the repository in `${LIBVC_ROOT}`, do:

```bash
cd ${LIBVC_ROOT}
cmake -S . -Bbuild [-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="/path/to/your/custom/install/folder/"] [-G "make/Ninja/whatever generator"]
cmake --build build
./build/libVC_testUtils &&./build/libVC_test &&./build/libVC_testJit
[sudo] cmake --build build --target install
```

### Using a custom LLVM installation

To build libVersioningCompiler with a custom LLVM installation, follow the same steps as the standard build, but modify the second line of the process using one of the following options:

```bash
# Option 1: Specify the LLVM binaries directory
cmake -S . -B build -DLLVM_TOOLS_BINARY_DIR="/path/to/llvm/bin" \ 
    [-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="/path/to/your/custom/install/folder/"] \ 
    [-G "make/Ninja/whatever generator"]

> # Option 2: Specify the exact path to llvm-config

Reviewer: the term `option` can be easily confused here for "compiler option" or "cmake option"
It seems you meant "alternatives".
Maybe rephrase as "Alternative method 1" and "Alternative method 2"

### Linux

Assuming libVersioningCompiler had been cloned into `./libVersioningCompiler` directory:

> #### Option 1: Basic Build Using System Compiler

Reviewer: "Option" same as before

If you want to build libVersioningCompiler using verbose flags and a custom compiler:

```bash
cd libVersioningCompiler
cmake -D CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE=1 -D LIBCLANG_FIND_VERBOSE=1 -D LLVM_FIND_VERBOSE=1 -D LLVM_FIND_VERBOSE=1 -D JIT_ENABLE=0 -S . -B build
cmake --build build -v
```

You can optionally set a specific compiler using `CXX=/path/to/your/compiler` or `CC=/path/to/your/compiler`.

> #### Option 2: Build with a Custom LLVM Installation

Reviewer: "Option" same as before

If you want to build using a custom LLVM/Clang installation, specify paths manually:

```bash
cmake -S . -B build \
-D LLVM_FOUND=1 \
-D LLVM_LIBRARY_DIR="/path/to/llvm/lib" \
-D LLVM_INCLUDE_DIR="/path/to/llvm/include" \
-D LLVM_TOOLS_BINARY_DIR="/path/to/llvm/bin" \
-D LLVM_VERSION_MAJOR=<major_version> \
-D LLVM_PACKAGE_VERSION="<full_version>" \
-D ENABLE_JIT=0

> cmake --build build -v

Reviewer: why ` -v`?

- `LLVM_LIBRARY_DIR` specifies where to find LLVM libraries
- `LLVM_INCLUDE_DIR` specifies where to find LLVM headers
- `LLVM_TOOLS_BINARY_DIR` specifies where to find llvm binaries (`llvm-config`, `opt`, etc)
- `LLVM_VERSION_MAJOR`: set to your LLVM's major version (e.g., 15, 17, 20)
- `LLVM_PACKAGE_VERSION`: full version string returned by `llvm-config --version`
- `ENABLE_JIT` option to include or exclude the JIT compiler, currently not ported to LLVM 18 and upwards

Libclang will be found after defining those variables.

### MacOS

Tested with MacOS Monterey:

```bash
cmake -S . -B build \
-D CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE=1 -D LIBCLANG_FIND_VERBOSE=1 -D LLVM_FIND_VERBOSE=1 -D LLVM_FIND_VERBOSE=1 \
-D LLVM_FOUND=1 \
-D LLVM_LIBRARY_DIR="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/lib" \
-D LLVM_INCLUDE_DIR="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/include" \
-D LLVM_TOOLS_BINARY_DIR="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin" \
-D LLVM_VERSION_MAJOR=<major_version> \
-D LLVM_SHARED_MODE="static" \
-D LLVM_PACKAGE_VERSION="$(/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin/llvm-config --version)" \
-D ENABLE_JIT=0

 cmake --build build -v
```

For full customization, check the CMakeLists.txt and FindLLVM.cmake to explore available flags and module options.

> ## Compatibility with LLVM versions prior to 15

Reviewer: I would remove the part related to legacy things no longer supported
